apps/docs/docs/components/inputs/Combobox/_mobileExamples.mdx, before:

## Multi-Select

Basic multi-selection combobox with search.

```jsx
function MultiSelect() {
  const multiSelectOptions = [
    { value: '1', label: 'Option 1' },
    { value: '2', label: 'Option 2' },
    { value: '3', label: 'Option 3' },
    { value: '4', label: 'Option 4' },
    { value: '5', label: 'Option 5' },
    { value: '6', label: 'Option 6' },
    { value: '7', label: 'Option 7' },
    { value: '8', label: 'Option 8' },
    { value: '9', label: 'Option 9' },
    { value: '10', label: 'Option 10' },
  ];
  const { value, onChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: ['1'] });

  return (
    <Combobox
      label="Multi Select"
      onChange={onChange}
      options={multiSelectOptions}
      placeholder="Search..."
      type="multi"
      value={value}
    />
  );
}
```

## Single Select

Single selection combobox with an option to clear the current choice.

```jsx
function SingleSelect() {
  const singleSelectOptions = [
    { value: null, label: 'Remove selection' },
    { value: '1', label: 'Option 1' },
    { value: '2', label: 'Option 2' },
    { value: '3', label: 'Option 3' },
  ];
  const [value, setValue] = useState(null);

  return (
    <Combobox
      label="Single Select"
      onChange={setValue}
      options={singleSelectOptions}
      placeholder="Search..."
      value={value}
    />
  );
}
```

## Controlled Search

Manage the search text externally while letting the combobox stay in sync.

```jsx
function ControlledSearch() {
  const { value, onChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: [] });
  const [searchText, setSearchText] = useState('');

  const fruitOptions = [
    { value: 'apple', label: 'Apple' },
    { value: 'banana', label: 'Banana' },
    { value: 'cherry', label: 'Cherry' },
    { value: 'date', label: 'Date' },
  ];

  return (
    <Combobox
      label="Controlled search"
      onChange={onChange}
      onSearch={setSearchText}
      options={fruitOptions}
      placeholder="Type to search..."
      searchText={searchText}
      type="multi"
      value={value}
    />
  );
}
```

## Helper Text

Use helper text to guide how many selections a user should make.

```jsx
function HelperTextExample() {
  const { value, onChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: [] });

  const teamOptions = [
    { value: 'john', label: 'John Smith', description: 'Engineering' },
    { value: 'jane', label: 'Jane Doe', description: 'Design' },
    { value: 'bob', label: 'Bob Johnson', description: 'Product' },
    { value: 'alice', label: 'Alice Williams', description: 'Engineering' },
  ];

  return (
    <Combobox
      helperText="Select up to 4 team members"
      label="Team members"
      onChange={onChange}
      options={teamOptions}
      placeholder="Search team members..."
      type="multi"
      value={value}
    />
  );
}
```

## Label Variants

Demonstrate both outside and inside label placements for different layouts.

```jsx
function LabelVariants() {
  const outside = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: [] });
  const inside = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: [] });

  const fruitOptions = [
    { value: 'apple', label: 'Apple' },
    { value: 'banana', label: 'Banana' },
    { value: 'cherry', label: 'Cherry' },
  ];

  return (
    <>
      <Combobox
        label="Outside label"
        labelVariant="outside"
        onChange={outside.onChange}
        options={fruitOptions}
        placeholder="Label sits above..."
        type="multi"
        value={outside.value}
      />
      <Combobox
        label="Inside label"
        labelVariant="inside"
        onChange={inside.onChange}
        options={fruitOptions}
        placeholder="Label sits inside..."
        type="multi"
        value={inside.value}
      />
    </>
  );
}
```

Commit message:

Add doc note on fuse.js

apps/docs/docs/components/inputs/Combobox/_mobileExamples.mdx, after:

## A note on search logic

We use [fuse.js](https://www.fusejs.io/) to power the fuzzy search logic for Combobox. You can override this search logic with your own using the `filterFunction` prop.

## Multi-Select

Basic multi-selection combobox with search.

```jsx
function MultiSelect() {
  const multiSelectOptions = [
    { value: '1', label: 'Option 1' },
    { value: '2', label: 'Option 2' },
    { value: '3', label: 'Option 3' },
    { value: '4', label: 'Option 4' },
    { value: '5', label: 'Option 5' },
    { value: '6', label: 'Option 6' },
    { value: '7', label: 'Option 7' },
    { value: '8', label: 'Option 8' },
    { value: '9', label: 'Option 9' },
    { value: '10', label: 'Option 10' },
  ];
  const { value, onChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: ['1'] });

  return (
    <Combobox
      label="Multi Select"
      onChange={onChange}
      options={multiSelectOptions}
      placeholder="Search..."
      type="multi"
      value={value}
    />
  );
}
```

## Single Select

Single selection combobox with an option to clear the current choice.

```jsx
function SingleSelect() {
  const singleSelectOptions = [
    { value: null, label: 'Remove selection' },
    { value: '1', label: 'Option 1' },
    { value: '2', label: 'Option 2' },
    { value: '3', label: 'Option 3' },
  ];
  const [value, setValue] = useState(null);

  return (
    <Combobox
      label="Single Select"
      onChange={setValue}
      options={singleSelectOptions}
      placeholder="Search..."
      value={value}
    />
  );
}
```

## Controlled Search

Manage the search text externally while letting the combobox stay in sync.

```jsx
function ControlledSearch() {
  const { value, onChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: [] });
  const [searchText, setSearchText] = useState('');

  const fruitOptions = [
    { value: 'apple', label: 'Apple' },
    { value: 'banana', label: 'Banana' },
    { value: 'cherry', label: 'Cherry' },
    { value: 'date', label: 'Date' },
  ];

  return (
    <Combobox
      label="Controlled search"
      onChange={onChange}
      onSearch={setSearchText}
      options={fruitOptions}
      placeholder="Type to search..."
      searchText={searchText}
      type="multi"
      value={value}
    />
  );
}
```

## Helper Text

Use helper text to guide how many selections a user should make.

```jsx
function HelperTextExample() {
  const { value, onChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: [] });

  const teamOptions = [
    { value: 'john', label: 'John Smith', description: 'Engineering' },
    { value: 'jane', label: 'Jane Doe', description: 'Design' },
    { value: 'bob', label: 'Bob Johnson', description: 'Product' },
    { value: 'alice', label: 'Alice Williams', description: 'Engineering' },
  ];

  return (
    <Combobox
      helperText="Select up to 4 team members"
      label="Team members"
      onChange={onChange}
      options={teamOptions}
      placeholder="Search team members..."
      type="multi"
      value={value}
    />
  );
}
```

## Label Variants

Demonstrate both outside and inside label placements for different layouts.

```jsx
function LabelVariants() {
  const outside = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: [] });
  const inside = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: [] });

  const fruitOptions = [
    { value: 'apple', label: 'Apple' },
    { value: 'banana', label: 'Banana' },
    { value: 'cherry', label: 'Cherry' },
  ];

  return (
    <>
      <Combobox
        label="Outside label"
        labelVariant="outside"
        onChange={outside.onChange}
        options={fruitOptions}
        placeholder="Label sits above..."
        type="multi"
        value={outside.value}
      />
      <Combobox
        label="Inside label"
        labelVariant="inside"
        onChange={inside.onChange}
        options={fruitOptions}
        placeholder="Label sits inside..."
        type="multi"
        value={inside.value}
      />
    </>
  );
}
```
