apps/docs/docs/components/inputs/Combobox/_webExamples.mdx, before:

## Multi-Select

Basic multi-selection combobox with search.

```jsx live
function MultiSelect() {
const fruitOptions: SelectOption[] = [
  { value: 'apple', label: 'Apple' },
  { value: 'banana', label: 'Banana' },
  { value: 'cherry', label: 'Cherry' },
  { value: 'date', label: 'Date' },
  { value: 'elderberry', label: 'Elderberry' },
  { value: 'fig', label: 'Fig' },
  { value: 'grape', label: 'Grape' },
  { value: 'honeydew', label: 'Honeydew' },
  { value: 'kiwi', label: 'Kiwi' },
  { value: 'lemon', label: 'Lemon' },
  { value: 'mango', label: 'Mango' },
  { value: 'orange', label: 'Orange' },
  { value: 'papaya', label: 'Papaya' },
  { value: 'raspberry', label: 'Raspberry' },
  { value: 'strawberry', label: 'Strawberry' },
];

  const { value, onChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: ['apple', 'banana'] });

  return (
      <Combobox
        label="Select fruits"
        onChange={onChange}
        options={fruitOptions}
        placeholder="Search and select fruits..."
        type="multi"
        value={value}
      />
  );
}
```

## Single Select

Standard single-selection combobox with an option to clear the current value.

```jsx live
function SingleSelect() {
  const singleSelectOptions = [
    { value: null, label: 'Remove selection' },
    { value: 'apple', label: 'Apple' },
    { value: 'banana', label: 'Banana' },
    { value: 'cherry', label: 'Cherry' },
    { value: 'date', label: 'Date' },
  ];

  const [value, setValue] = useState('apple');

  return (
    <Combobox
      label="Favorite fruit"
      onChange={setValue}
      options={singleSelectOptions}
      placeholder="Search fruits..."
      value={value}
    />
  );
}
```

## Helper Text

Communicate limits or guidance by pairing helper text with multi-select usage.

```jsx live
function HelperText() {
const fruitOptions: SelectOption[] = [
  { value: 'apple', label: 'Apple' },
  { value: 'banana', label: 'Banana' },
  { value: 'cherry', label: 'Cherry' },
  { value: 'date', label: 'Date' },
  { value: 'elderberry', label: 'Elderberry' },
  { value: 'fig', label: 'Fig' },
  { value: 'grape', label: 'Grape' },
  { value: 'honeydew', label: 'Honeydew' },
  { value: 'kiwi', label: 'Kiwi' },
  { value: 'lemon', label: 'Lemon' },
  { value: 'mango', label: 'Mango' },
  { value: 'orange', label: 'Orange' },
  { value: 'papaya', label: 'Papaya' },
  { value: 'raspberry', label: 'Raspberry' },
  { value: 'strawberry', label: 'Strawberry' },
];

  const { value, onChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: ['apple', 'banana'] });

  return (
      <Combobox
      helperText="Choose more than one fruit"
        label="Select fruits"
        onChange={onChange}
        options={fruitOptions}
        placeholder="Search and select fruits..."
        type="multi"
        value={value}
      />
  );
}
```

## Label Variants

Switch between outside and inside label placements to best fit the layout.

```jsx live
function LabelVariants() {
  const { value, onChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: [] });
  const { value: insideValue, onChange: insideOnChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: [] });

  const fruitOptions = [
    { value: 'apple', label: 'Apple' },
    { value: 'banana', label: 'Banana' },
    { value: 'cherry', label: 'Cherry' },
    { value: 'date', label: 'Date' },
    { value: 'elderberry', label: 'Elderberry' },
  ];

  return (
    <VStack gap={2}>
      <Combobox
        label="Outside label"
        labelVariant="outside"
        onChange={onChange}
        options={fruitOptions}
        placeholder="Label sits above"
        value={value}
        type="multi"
      />
      <Combobox
        label="Inside label"
        labelVariant="inside"
        onChange={insideOnChange}
        options={fruitOptions}
        placeholder="Label sits inside"
        value={insideValue}
        type="multi"
      />
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

Commit message:

Add doc note on fuse.js

apps/docs/docs/components/inputs/Combobox/_webExamples.mdx, after:

## A note on search logic

We use [fuse.js](https://www.fusejs.io/) to power the fuzzy search logic for Combobox. You can override this search logic with your own using the `filterFunction` prop.

## Multi-Select

Basic multi-selection combobox with search.

```jsx live
function MultiSelect() {
const fruitOptions: SelectOption[] = [
  { value: 'apple', label: 'Apple' },
  { value: 'banana', label: 'Banana' },
  { value: 'cherry', label: 'Cherry' },
  { value: 'date', label: 'Date' },
  { value: 'elderberry', label: 'Elderberry' },
  { value: 'fig', label: 'Fig' },
  { value: 'grape', label: 'Grape' },
  { value: 'honeydew', label: 'Honeydew' },
  { value: 'kiwi', label: 'Kiwi' },
  { value: 'lemon', label: 'Lemon' },
  { value: 'mango', label: 'Mango' },
  { value: 'orange', label: 'Orange' },
  { value: 'papaya', label: 'Papaya' },
  { value: 'raspberry', label: 'Raspberry' },
  { value: 'strawberry', label: 'Strawberry' },
];

  const { value, onChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: ['apple', 'banana'] });

  return (
      <Combobox
        label="Select fruits"
        onChange={onChange}
        options={fruitOptions}
        placeholder="Search and select fruits..."
        type="multi"
        value={value}
      />
  );
}
```

## Single Select

Standard single-selection combobox with an option to clear the current value.

```jsx live
function SingleSelect() {
  const singleSelectOptions = [
    { value: null, label: 'Remove selection' },
    { value: 'apple', label: 'Apple' },
    { value: 'banana', label: 'Banana' },
    { value: 'cherry', label: 'Cherry' },
    { value: 'date', label: 'Date' },
  ];

  const [value, setValue] = useState('apple');

  return (
    <Combobox
      label="Favorite fruit"
      onChange={setValue}
      options={singleSelectOptions}
      placeholder="Search fruits..."
      value={value}
    />
  );
}
```

## Helper Text

Communicate limits or guidance by pairing helper text with multi-select usage.

```jsx live
function HelperText() {
const fruitOptions: SelectOption[] = [
  { value: 'apple', label: 'Apple' },
  { value: 'banana', label: 'Banana' },
  { value: 'cherry', label: 'Cherry' },
  { value: 'date', label: 'Date' },
  { value: 'elderberry', label: 'Elderberry' },
  { value: 'fig', label: 'Fig' },
  { value: 'grape', label: 'Grape' },
  { value: 'honeydew', label: 'Honeydew' },
  { value: 'kiwi', label: 'Kiwi' },
  { value: 'lemon', label: 'Lemon' },
  { value: 'mango', label: 'Mango' },
  { value: 'orange', label: 'Orange' },
  { value: 'papaya', label: 'Papaya' },
  { value: 'raspberry', label: 'Raspberry' },
  { value: 'strawberry', label: 'Strawberry' },
];

  const { value, onChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: ['apple', 'banana'] });

  return (
      <Combobox
      helperText="Choose more than one fruit"
        label="Select fruits"
        onChange={onChange}
        options={fruitOptions}
        placeholder="Search and select fruits..."
        type="multi"
        value={value}
      />
  );
}
```

## Label Variants

Switch between outside and inside label placements to best fit the layout.

```jsx live
function LabelVariants() {
  const { value, onChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: [] });
  const { value: insideValue, onChange: insideOnChange } = useMultiSelect({ initialValue: [] });

  const fruitOptions = [
    { value: 'apple', label: 'Apple' },
    { value: 'banana', label: 'Banana' },
    { value: 'cherry', label: 'Cherry' },
    { value: 'date', label: 'Date' },
    { value: 'elderberry', label: 'Elderberry' },
  ];

  return (
    <VStack gap={2}>
      <Combobox
        label="Outside label"
        labelVariant="outside"
        onChange={onChange}
        options={fruitOptions}
        placeholder="Label sits above"
        value={value}
        type="multi"
      />
      <Combobox
        label="Inside label"
        labelVariant="inside"
        onChange={insideOnChange}
        options={fruitOptions}
        placeholder="Label sits inside"
        value={insideValue}
        type="multi"
      />
    </VStack>
  );
}
```
