apps/docs/docs/components/other/DatePicker/_webExamples.mdx, before:

### Basic example

A basic DatePicker with the minimum props necessary for correct UX.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      label="Birthdate"
      calendarIconButtonAccessibilityLabel="Birthdate calendar"
      nextArrowAccessibilityLabel="Next month"
      previousArrowAccessibilityLabel="Previous month"
      helperTextErrorIconAccessibilityLabel="Error"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
    />
  );
}
```

### Custom Label

If you need to render a custom label (e.g. a label with a tooltip), you can use the `labelNode` prop.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      label="Birthdate"
      labelNode={
        <HStack alignItems="center" gap={1}>
          <InputLabel>Birthdate</InputLabel>
          <Tooltip content="This will be visible to other users.">
            <Icon active color="fg" name="info" size="xs" tabIndex={0} />
          </Tooltip>
        </HStack>
      }
      calendarIconButtonAccessibilityLabel="Birthdate calendar"
      nextArrowAccessibilityLabel="Next month"
      previousArrowAccessibilityLabel="Previous month"
      helperTextErrorIconAccessibilityLabel="Error"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
    />
  );
}
```

### Invalid dates

Always provide the `invalidDateError` prop for when users type an impossible date like 99/99/2000.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
    />
  );
}
```

### Validation

The DatePicker handles common error states internally, and calls `onErrorDate` when the validity / error state changes.

You can use the `DateInputValidationError` class to create custom error states.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  useEffect(() => {
    setError(new DateInputValidationError('custom', 'Hello world!'));
  }, []);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
    />
  );
}
```

### Accessibility

Always provide the accessibility label props and all necessary error props. See the Accessibility section under the Guidelines tab at the top of the page for more info.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      required
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      disabledDates={[new Date()]}
      label="Birthdate"
      calendarIconButtonAccessibilityLabel="Birthdate calendar"
      nextArrowAccessibilityLabel="Next month"
      previousArrowAccessibilityLabel="Previous month"
      helperTextErrorIconAccessibilityLabel="Error"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
      disabledDateError="Date unavailable"
      requiredError="This field is required"
    />
  );
}
```

### Localization

The date format is automatically adjusted to the `LocaleContext`. Check `LocaleProvider` usage below.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  return (
    <LocaleProvider locale="es-ES">
      <DatePicker
        date={date}
        error={error}
        onChangeDate={setDate}
        onErrorDate={setError}
        label="Birthdate"
        invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
      />
    </LocaleProvider>
  );
}
```

### Seeding the date

Defaults to today when undefined.

On web the `seedDate` prop is used to generate the Calendar month when there is no selected date value.

On mobile the `seedDate` prop is the default date that the react-native-date-picker keyboard control will open to when there is no selected date value.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  const seedDate = new Date('11/16/1991');

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      seedDate={seedDate}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
    />
  );
}
```

### Required field

Make sure to provide the `requiredError` prop when setting the `required` prop to true. The `requiredError` will be displayed if a user blurs the input, without a date selected, after having typed into it.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      required
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
      requiredError="This field is required"
    />
  );
}
```

### Highlighted dates

The `highlightedDates` prop is an array of Dates and Date tuples for date ranges. A number is created for every individual date within a tuple range, so do not abuse this with massive ranges.

The `highlightedDates` prop is only available on web because the mobile DatePicker uses react-native-date-picker instead of a Calendar component.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  const today = new Date(new Date().setHours(0, 0, 0, 0));
  const oneWeekAgo = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), today.getDate() - 7);
  const twoDaysAgo = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), today.getDate() - 2);
  const oneWeekLater = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), today.getDate() + 7);

  const disabledDates = [[oneWeekAgo, twoDaysAgo], oneWeekLater];

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      highlightedDates={disabledDates}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
    />
  );
}
```

### Minimum and maximum dates

Make sure to provide the `disabledDateError` prop when providing `minDate`, `maxDate`, or `disabledDates` props. Navigation to dates before the `minDate` and after the `maxDate` is disabled.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  const today = new Date(new Date().setHours(0, 0, 0, 0));
  const lastMonth15th = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth() - 1, 15);
  const nextMonth15th = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth() + 1, 15);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      minDate={lastMonth15th}
      maxDate={nextMonth15th}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
      disabledDateError="Date unavailable"
    />
  );
}
```

### Disabled dates

The `disabledDates` prop is an array of Dates and Date tuples for date ranges. A number is created for every individual date within a tuple range, so do not abuse this with massive ranges.

The `disabledDates` prop is only available on web because the mobile DatePicker uses react-native-date-picker instead of a Calendar component.

Make sure to provide the `disabledDateError` prop when providing `minDate`, `maxDate`, or `disabledDates` props.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  const today = new Date(new Date().setHours(0, 0, 0, 0));
  const oneWeekAgo = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), today.getDate() - 7);
  const twoDaysAgo = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), today.getDate() - 2);
  const oneWeekLater = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), today.getDate() + 7);

  const disabledDates = [[oneWeekAgo, twoDaysAgo], oneWeekLater];

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      disabledDates={disabledDates}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
      disabledDateError="Date unavailable"
    />
  );
}
```

### Multiple pickers

This is a complex example using many different props. We use multiple DatePickers together to allow a user to select a date range.

We enforce that the time between the start date and end date must be at least 5 days but less than 14 days long, that the end date comes after the start date, and that all days are within the current month. We use the `onChange` prop to automatically suggest an end date of 1 week after the start date, or the last of the month - whichever is sooner. We also explicitly disable 1 week at the beginning of the month.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [startDate, setStartDate] = useState(null);
  const [startError, setStartError] = useState(null);
  const [endDate, setEndDate] = useState(null);
  const [endError, setEndError] = useState(null);

  const today = new Date(new Date().setHours(0, 0, 0, 0));
  const firstDayThisMonth = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), 1);
  const seventhDayThisMonth = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), 7);
  const lastDayThisMonth = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth() + 1, 0);

  const disabledDates = [[firstDayThisMonth, seventhDayThisMonth]];

  const updateEndDate = (endDate, startDate) => {
    setEndDate(endDate);
    setEndError(null);
    if (!endDate) return;
    // The time from startDate to endDate must be at least 5 days and less than 14 days
    const endDateMin = new Date(
      startDate.getFullYear(),
      startDate.getMonth(),
      startDate.getDate() + 4,
    );
    const endDateMax = new Date(
      startDate.getFullYear(),
      startDate.getMonth(),
      startDate.getDate() + 13,
    );

    let errorMessage;
    if (endDate < startDate) errorMessage = 'Must come after start date';
    else if (endDate < endDateMin) errorMessage = 'Must select at least 5 days';
    else if (endDate > endDateMax) errorMessage = 'Cannot select more than 14 days';

    if (errorMessage) setEndError(new DateInputValidationError('custom', errorMessage));
  };

  const handleChangeDateStart = (date) => {
    setStartDate(date);
    if (!date) return;
    // Suggest an end date based on the new start date
    const suggestedEndDate = new Date(date.getFullYear(), date.getMonth(), date.getDate() + 7);
    const newEndDate = new Date(Math.min(suggestedEndDate.getTime(), lastDayThisMonth.getTime()));
    updateEndDate(newEndDate, date);
  };

  const handleChangeDateEnd = (date) => {
    if (startDate) updateEndDate(date, startDate);
  };

  return (
    <Box gap={2} flexDirection={{ base: 'column', tablet: 'column', desktop: 'row' }}>
      <DatePicker
        required
        date={startDate}
        disabledDateError="Date unavailable"
        disabledDates={disabledDates}
        error={startError}
        highlightedDates={startDate && endDate ? [[startDate, endDate]] : undefined}
        invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
        label="Start date"
        maxDate={lastDayThisMonth}
        minDate={firstDayThisMonth}
        onChangeDate={handleChangeDateStart}
        onErrorDate={setStartError}
        requiredError="This field is required"
        style={{ width: '100%' }}
      />
      <DatePicker
        required
        date={endDate}
        disabled={!startDate}
        disabledDateError="Date unavailable"
        disabledDates={startDate ? [...disabledDates, startDate] : disabledDates}
        error={endError}
        highlightedDates={
          startDate && endDate && startDate < endDate
            ? [[startDate, endDate]]
            : startDate
              ? [startDate]
              : undefined
        }
        invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
        label="End date"
        maxDate={lastDayThisMonth}
        minDate={firstDayThisMonth}
        onChangeDate={handleChangeDateEnd}
        onErrorDate={setEndError}
        requiredError="This field is required"
        variant={endError ? 'negative' : undefined}
        style={{ width: '100%' }}
      />
    </Box>
  );
}
```

### Event lifecycle

- Selecting a date with the native picker (mobile) or Calendar (web):

  `onOpen -> onConfirm -> onChangeDate -> onErrorDate -> onClose`

- Closing the native picker (mobile) or Calendar (web) without selecting a date:

  `onOpen -> onCancel -> onClose`

- Typing a date in a blank DateInput:

  `onChange -> onChange -> ... -> onChangeDate -> onErrorDate`

- Typing a date in a DateInput that already had a date:

  `onChange -> onChangeDate -> onChange -> onChange -> ... -> onChangeDate -> onErrorDate`

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  const handleChangeDate = (date) => {
    console.log('onChangeDate', date);
    setDate(date);
  };

  const handleErrorDate = (error) => {
    console.log('onErrorDate', error);
    setError(error);
  };

  return (
    <DatePicker
      required
      date={date}
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
      label="Birthdate"
      onChange={(event) => console.log('onChange', event)}
      onChangeDate={handleChangeDate}
      onConfirm={() => console.log('onConfirm')}
      onCancel={() => console.log('onCancel')}
      onErrorDate={handleErrorDate}
      onOpen={() => console.log('onOpen')}
      onClose={() => console.log('onClose')}
    />
  );
}
```

Commit message:

feat: add date input docs (#255)
* feat: add date input docs

* Fix docs build

* Update version

apps/docs/docs/components/other/DatePicker/_webExamples.mdx, after:

DatePicker combines [DateInput](/components/other/DateInput/) with [Calendar](/components/other/Calendar/) for date selection.

## Basics

A basic DatePicker with the minimum props necessary for correct UX.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      label="Birthdate"
      calendarIconButtonAccessibilityLabel="Birthdate calendar"
      nextArrowAccessibilityLabel="Next month"
      previousArrowAccessibilityLabel="Previous month"
      helperTextErrorIconAccessibilityLabel="Error"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
    />
  );
}
```

### Custom Label

If you need to render a custom label (e.g. a label with a tooltip), you can use the `labelNode` prop.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      label="Birthdate"
      labelNode={
        <HStack alignItems="center" gap={1}>
          <InputLabel>Birthdate</InputLabel>
          <Tooltip content="This will be visible to other users.">
            <Icon active color="fg" name="info" size="xs" tabIndex={0} />
          </Tooltip>
        </HStack>
      }
      calendarIconButtonAccessibilityLabel="Birthdate calendar"
      nextArrowAccessibilityLabel="Next month"
      previousArrowAccessibilityLabel="Previous month"
      helperTextErrorIconAccessibilityLabel="Error"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
    />
  );
}
```

### Invalid dates

Always provide the `invalidDateError` prop for when users type an impossible date like 99/99/2000.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
    />
  );
}
```

### Validation

The DatePicker handles common error states internally, and calls `onErrorDate` when the validity / error state changes.

You can use the `DateInputValidationError` class to create custom error states.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  useEffect(() => {
    setError(new DateInputValidationError('custom', 'Hello world!'));
  }, []);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
    />
  );
}
```

### Accessibility

Always provide the accessibility label props and all necessary error props. See the Accessibility section under the Guidelines tab at the top of the page for more info.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      required
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      disabledDates={[new Date()]}
      label="Birthdate"
      calendarIconButtonAccessibilityLabel="Birthdate calendar"
      nextArrowAccessibilityLabel="Next month"
      previousArrowAccessibilityLabel="Previous month"
      helperTextErrorIconAccessibilityLabel="Error"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
      disabledDateError="Date unavailable"
      requiredError="This field is required"
    />
  );
}
```

### Localization

The date format is automatically adjusted to the `LocaleContext`. Check `LocaleProvider` usage below.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  return (
    <LocaleProvider locale="es-ES">
      <DatePicker
        date={date}
        error={error}
        onChangeDate={setDate}
        onErrorDate={setError}
        label="Birthdate"
        invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
      />
    </LocaleProvider>
  );
}
```

### Seeding the date

Defaults to today when undefined.

On web the `seedDate` prop is used to generate the Calendar month when there is no selected date value.

On mobile the `seedDate` prop is the default date that the react-native-date-picker keyboard control will open to when there is no selected date value.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  const seedDate = new Date('11/16/1991');

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      seedDate={seedDate}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
    />
  );
}
```

### Required field

Make sure to provide the `requiredError` prop when setting the `required` prop to true. The `requiredError` will be displayed if a user blurs the input, without a date selected, after having typed into it.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      required
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
      requiredError="This field is required"
    />
  );
}
```

### Highlighted dates

The `highlightedDates` prop is an array of Dates and Date tuples for date ranges. A number is created for every individual date within a tuple range, so do not abuse this with massive ranges.

The `highlightedDates` prop is only available on web because the mobile DatePicker uses react-native-date-picker instead of a Calendar component.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  const today = new Date(new Date().setHours(0, 0, 0, 0));
  const oneWeekAgo = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), today.getDate() - 7);
  const twoDaysAgo = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), today.getDate() - 2);
  const oneWeekLater = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), today.getDate() + 7);

  const disabledDates = [[oneWeekAgo, twoDaysAgo], oneWeekLater];

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      highlightedDates={disabledDates}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
    />
  );
}
```

### Minimum and maximum dates

Make sure to provide the `disabledDateError` prop when providing `minDate`, `maxDate`, or `disabledDates` props. Navigation to dates before the `minDate` and after the `maxDate` is disabled.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  const today = new Date(new Date().setHours(0, 0, 0, 0));
  const lastMonth15th = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth() - 1, 15);
  const nextMonth15th = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth() + 1, 15);

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      minDate={lastMonth15th}
      maxDate={nextMonth15th}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
      disabledDateError="Date unavailable"
    />
  );
}
```

### Disabled dates

The `disabledDates` prop is an array of Dates and Date tuples for date ranges. A number is created for every individual date within a tuple range, so do not abuse this with massive ranges.

The `disabledDates` prop is only available on web because the mobile DatePicker uses react-native-date-picker instead of a Calendar component.

Make sure to provide the `disabledDateError` prop when providing `minDate`, `maxDate`, or `disabledDates` props.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  const today = new Date(new Date().setHours(0, 0, 0, 0));
  const oneWeekAgo = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), today.getDate() - 7);
  const twoDaysAgo = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), today.getDate() - 2);
  const oneWeekLater = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), today.getDate() + 7);

  const disabledDates = [[oneWeekAgo, twoDaysAgo], oneWeekLater];

  return (
    <DatePicker
      date={date}
      error={error}
      onChangeDate={setDate}
      onErrorDate={setError}
      disabledDates={disabledDates}
      label="Birthdate"
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
      disabledDateError="Date unavailable"
    />
  );
}
```

### Multiple pickers

This is a complex example using many different props. We use multiple DatePickers together to allow a user to select a date range.

We enforce that the time between the start date and end date must be at least 5 days but less than 14 days long, that the end date comes after the start date, and that all days are within the current month. We use the `onChange` prop to automatically suggest an end date of 1 week after the start date, or the last of the month - whichever is sooner. We also explicitly disable 1 week at the beginning of the month.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [startDate, setStartDate] = useState(null);
  const [startError, setStartError] = useState(null);
  const [endDate, setEndDate] = useState(null);
  const [endError, setEndError] = useState(null);

  const today = new Date(new Date().setHours(0, 0, 0, 0));
  const firstDayThisMonth = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), 1);
  const seventhDayThisMonth = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth(), 7);
  const lastDayThisMonth = new Date(today.getFullYear(), today.getMonth() + 1, 0);

  const disabledDates = [[firstDayThisMonth, seventhDayThisMonth]];

  const updateEndDate = (endDate, startDate) => {
    setEndDate(endDate);
    setEndError(null);
    if (!endDate) return;
    // The time from startDate to endDate must be at least 5 days and less than 14 days
    const endDateMin = new Date(
      startDate.getFullYear(),
      startDate.getMonth(),
      startDate.getDate() + 4,
    );
    const endDateMax = new Date(
      startDate.getFullYear(),
      startDate.getMonth(),
      startDate.getDate() + 13,
    );

    let errorMessage;
    if (endDate < startDate) errorMessage = 'Must come after start date';
    else if (endDate < endDateMin) errorMessage = 'Must select at least 5 days';
    else if (endDate > endDateMax) errorMessage = 'Cannot select more than 14 days';

    if (errorMessage) setEndError(new DateInputValidationError('custom', errorMessage));
  };

  const handleChangeDateStart = (date) => {
    setStartDate(date);
    if (!date) return;
    // Suggest an end date based on the new start date
    const suggestedEndDate = new Date(date.getFullYear(), date.getMonth(), date.getDate() + 7);
    const newEndDate = new Date(Math.min(suggestedEndDate.getTime(), lastDayThisMonth.getTime()));
    updateEndDate(newEndDate, date);
  };

  const handleChangeDateEnd = (date) => {
    if (startDate) updateEndDate(date, startDate);
  };

  return (
    <Box gap={2} flexDirection={{ base: 'column', tablet: 'column', desktop: 'row' }}>
      <DatePicker
        required
        date={startDate}
        disabledDateError="Date unavailable"
        disabledDates={disabledDates}
        error={startError}
        highlightedDates={startDate && endDate ? [[startDate, endDate]] : undefined}
        invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
        label="Start date"
        maxDate={lastDayThisMonth}
        minDate={firstDayThisMonth}
        onChangeDate={handleChangeDateStart}
        onErrorDate={setStartError}
        requiredError="This field is required"
        style={{ width: '100%' }}
      />
      <DatePicker
        required
        date={endDate}
        disabled={!startDate}
        disabledDateError="Date unavailable"
        disabledDates={startDate ? [...disabledDates, startDate] : disabledDates}
        error={endError}
        highlightedDates={
          startDate && endDate && startDate < endDate
            ? [[startDate, endDate]]
            : startDate
              ? [startDate]
              : undefined
        }
        invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
        label="End date"
        maxDate={lastDayThisMonth}
        minDate={firstDayThisMonth}
        onChangeDate={handleChangeDateEnd}
        onErrorDate={setEndError}
        requiredError="This field is required"
        variant={endError ? 'negative' : undefined}
        style={{ width: '100%' }}
      />
    </Box>
  );
}
```

### Event lifecycle

- Selecting a date with the native picker (mobile) or Calendar (web):

  `onOpen -> onConfirm -> onChangeDate -> onErrorDate -> onClose`

- Closing the native picker (mobile) or Calendar (web) without selecting a date:

  `onOpen -> onCancel -> onClose`

- Typing a date in a blank DateInput:

  `onChange -> onChange -> ... -> onChangeDate -> onErrorDate`

- Typing a date in a DateInput that already had a date:

  `onChange -> onChangeDate -> onChange -> onChange -> ... -> onChangeDate -> onErrorDate`

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [date, setDate] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);

  const handleChangeDate = (date) => {
    console.log('onChangeDate', date);
    setDate(date);
  };

  const handleErrorDate = (error) => {
    console.log('onErrorDate', error);
    setError(error);
  };

  return (
    <DatePicker
      required
      date={date}
      invalidDateError="Please enter a valid date"
      label="Birthdate"
      onChange={(event) => console.log('onChange', event)}
      onChangeDate={handleChangeDate}
      onConfirm={() => console.log('onConfirm')}
      onCancel={() => console.log('onCancel')}
      onErrorDate={handleErrorDate}
      onOpen={() => console.log('onOpen')}
      onClose={() => console.log('onClose')}
    />
  );
}
```
