apps/docs/docs/components/inputs/Select/_webExamples.mdx, before:

### Default Composition

`Select` can take anything as a child, however, we strongly recommend that you use `SelectOption`. It has the same API as a `ListCell`, but with custom styles specific to usage within a `Select`. `SelectOption` also comes with a lot of baked in functionality, like keyboard navigation, accessibility properties, and focus behaviors.

```jsx live
function DefaultSelect() {
  const [value, setValue] = useState();
  const options = ['Option 1', 'Option 2', 'Option 3', 'Option 4', 'Option 5', 'Option 6'];
  return (
    <VStack padding={2}>
      <OldSelect value={value} placeholder="Choose something..." onChange={setValue}>
        {options.map((option) => (
          <SelectOption value={option} key={option} title={option} description="Description" />
        ))}
      </OldSelect>
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

### Value/Label Object Model

Sometimes you may want to surface a label instead of the select value. You can pass a `valueLabel` prop with the currently selected value's corresponding label, which will appear to be the value of the Select.

```jsx live
function DefaultSelect() {
  const [value, setValue] = useState();
  const options = [
    { value: '1', label: 'Option 1' },
    { value: '2', label: 'Option 2' },
    { value: '3', label: 'Option 3' },
    { value: '4', label: 'Option 4' },
  ];
  const selectedValueLabel = value && options.find((option) => option.value === value).label;
  return (
    <VStack padding={2}>
      <OldSelect
        value={value}
        valueLabel={selectedValueLabel}
        placeholder="Choose something..."
        onChange={setValue}
      >
        {options.map((option) => (
          <SelectOption
            value={option.value}
            key={option.value}
            title={option.label}
            description="Description"
          />
        ))}
      </OldSelect>
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

### Input Stack Options

The `Select` trigger can be customized similar to `TextInput`. These options are also available for mobile implementations.

#### Label and Helper Text

When space is tight, this brings the label inside of the Input. Should be used with a `compact` `SelectOption`.

```jsx live
function LabelHelperTextSelect() {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('Option 2');
  const options = ['Option 1', 'Option 2', 'Option 3', 'Option 4', 'Option 5', 'Option 6'];
  return (
    <VStack padding={2}>
      <OldSelect
        label="Make a selection"
        helperText="You can only choose one"
        value={value}
        onChange={setValue}
        startNode={<InputIcon name="calendar" />}
      >
        {options.map((option) => (
          <SelectOption value={option} key={option} title={option} description="Description" />
        ))}
      </OldSelect>
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

### Compact

When space is tight, this brings the label inside of the Input. Should be used with a `compact` `SelectOption`.

```jsx live
function CompactSelect() {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('Option 2');
  const options = ['Option 1', 'Option 2', 'Option 3', 'Option 4', 'Option 5', 'Option 6'];
  return (
    <VStack padding={2}>
      <OldSelect compact label="Make a selection" value={value} onChange={setValue}>
        {options.map((option) => (
          <SelectOption
            value={option}
            key={option}
            compact
            title={option}
            description="Description"
          />
        ))}
      </OldSelect>
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

### Variants

Variants can be used to surface positive or negative feedback.

```jsx live
function Variant() {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('Positive');
  const options = ['Positive', 'Negative', 'Primary', 'Secondary', 'Foreground'];
  return (
    <VStack padding={2}>
      <OldSelect
        variant={value.toLowerCase()}
        label="Make a selection"
        helperText="You can only choose one"
        value={value}
        onChange={setValue}
      >
        {options.map((option) => (
          <SelectOption value={option} key={option} title={option} />
        ))}
      </OldSelect>
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

### Label Variants

Select supports two label variants: `outside` (default) and `inside`. Note that the `compact` prop, when set to true, will override label variant preference.

:::warning

When using the `inside` label variant, you should always include a `placeholder` prop.

:::

```jsx live
<VStack gap={3}>
  <VStack>
    <Text as="p">
      <strong>Outside label (default):</strong>
    </Text>
    <OldSelect placeholder="Choose an option">
      <SelectOption value="option1" title="Option 1" description="Description" />
      <SelectOption value="option2" title="Option 2" description="Description" />
      <SelectOption value="option3" title="Option 3" description="Description" />
    </OldSelect>
  </VStack>

  <VStack>
    <Text as="p">
      <strong>Inside label:</strong>
    </Text>
    <OldSelect label="Choose Option" labelVariant="inside" placeholder="Select from list">
      <SelectOption value="option1" title="Option 1" description="Description" />
      <SelectOption value="option2" title="Option 2" description="Description" />
      <SelectOption value="option3" title="Option 3" description="Description" />
    </OldSelect>
  </VStack>

  <VStack>
    <Text as="p">
      <strong>Inside label (with start content):</strong>
    </Text>
    <OldSelect
      label="Filter Options"
      labelVariant="inside"
      startNode={<InputIcon name="search" />}
      placeholder="Search and select"
    >
      <SelectOption value="option1" title="Option 1" description="Description" />
      <SelectOption value="option2" title="Option 2" description="Description" />
      <SelectOption value="option3" title="Option 3" description="Description" />
    </OldSelect>
  </VStack>
</VStack>
```

Commit message:

Add deprecation information to old Select docs page

apps/docs/docs/components/inputs/Select/_webExamples.mdx, after:

:::warning

This component is deprecated. Please use the new Select.

:::

### Default Composition

`Select` can take anything as a child, however, we strongly recommend that you use `SelectOption`. It has the same API as a `ListCell`, but with custom styles specific to usage within a `Select`. `SelectOption` also comes with a lot of baked in functionality, like keyboard navigation, accessibility properties, and focus behaviors.

```jsx live
function DefaultSelect() {
  const [value, setValue] = useState();
  const options = ['Option 1', 'Option 2', 'Option 3', 'Option 4', 'Option 5', 'Option 6'];
  return (
    <VStack padding={2}>
      <OldSelect value={value} placeholder="Choose something..." onChange={setValue}>
        {options.map((option) => (
          <SelectOption value={option} key={option} title={option} description="Description" />
        ))}
      </OldSelect>
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

### Value/Label Object Model

Sometimes you may want to surface a label instead of the select value. You can pass a `valueLabel` prop with the currently selected value's corresponding label, which will appear to be the value of the Select.

```jsx live
function DefaultSelect() {
  const [value, setValue] = useState();
  const options = [
    { value: '1', label: 'Option 1' },
    { value: '2', label: 'Option 2' },
    { value: '3', label: 'Option 3' },
    { value: '4', label: 'Option 4' },
  ];
  const selectedValueLabel = value && options.find((option) => option.value === value).label;
  return (
    <VStack padding={2}>
      <OldSelect
        value={value}
        valueLabel={selectedValueLabel}
        placeholder="Choose something..."
        onChange={setValue}
      >
        {options.map((option) => (
          <SelectOption
            value={option.value}
            key={option.value}
            title={option.label}
            description="Description"
          />
        ))}
      </OldSelect>
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

### Input Stack Options

The `Select` trigger can be customized similar to `TextInput`. These options are also available for mobile implementations.

#### Label and Helper Text

When space is tight, this brings the label inside of the Input. Should be used with a `compact` `SelectOption`.

```jsx live
function LabelHelperTextSelect() {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('Option 2');
  const options = ['Option 1', 'Option 2', 'Option 3', 'Option 4', 'Option 5', 'Option 6'];
  return (
    <VStack padding={2}>
      <OldSelect
        label="Make a selection"
        helperText="You can only choose one"
        value={value}
        onChange={setValue}
        startNode={<InputIcon name="calendar" />}
      >
        {options.map((option) => (
          <SelectOption value={option} key={option} title={option} description="Description" />
        ))}
      </OldSelect>
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

### Compact

When space is tight, this brings the label inside of the Input. Should be used with a `compact` `SelectOption`.

```jsx live
function CompactSelect() {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('Option 2');
  const options = ['Option 1', 'Option 2', 'Option 3', 'Option 4', 'Option 5', 'Option 6'];
  return (
    <VStack padding={2}>
      <OldSelect compact label="Make a selection" value={value} onChange={setValue}>
        {options.map((option) => (
          <SelectOption
            value={option}
            key={option}
            compact
            title={option}
            description="Description"
          />
        ))}
      </OldSelect>
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

### Variants

Variants can be used to surface positive or negative feedback.

```jsx live
function Variant() {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('Positive');
  const options = ['Positive', 'Negative', 'Primary', 'Secondary', 'Foreground'];
  return (
    <VStack padding={2}>
      <OldSelect
        variant={value.toLowerCase()}
        label="Make a selection"
        helperText="You can only choose one"
        value={value}
        onChange={setValue}
      >
        {options.map((option) => (
          <SelectOption value={option} key={option} title={option} />
        ))}
      </OldSelect>
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

### Label Variants

Select supports two label variants: `outside` (default) and `inside`. Note that the `compact` prop, when set to true, will override label variant preference.

:::warning

When using the `inside` label variant, you should always include a `placeholder` prop.

:::

```jsx live
<VStack gap={3}>
  <VStack>
    <Text as="p">
      <strong>Outside label (default):</strong>
    </Text>
    <OldSelect placeholder="Choose an option">
      <SelectOption value="option1" title="Option 1" description="Description" />
      <SelectOption value="option2" title="Option 2" description="Description" />
      <SelectOption value="option3" title="Option 3" description="Description" />
    </OldSelect>
  </VStack>

  <VStack>
    <Text as="p">
      <strong>Inside label:</strong>
    </Text>
    <OldSelect label="Choose Option" labelVariant="inside" placeholder="Select from list">
      <SelectOption value="option1" title="Option 1" description="Description" />
      <SelectOption value="option2" title="Option 2" description="Description" />
      <SelectOption value="option3" title="Option 3" description="Description" />
    </OldSelect>
  </VStack>

  <VStack>
    <Text as="p">
      <strong>Inside label (with start content):</strong>
    </Text>
    <OldSelect
      label="Filter Options"
      labelVariant="inside"
      startNode={<InputIcon name="search" />}
      placeholder="Search and select"
    >
      <SelectOption value="option1" title="Option 1" description="Description" />
      <SelectOption value="option2" title="Option 2" description="Description" />
      <SelectOption value="option3" title="Option 3" description="Description" />
    </OldSelect>
  </VStack>
</VStack>
```
