apps/docs/docs/components/overlay/FocusTrap/_webExamples.mdx, before:

:::note Before using FocusTrap
`<FocusTrap>` is intended to prevent keyboard users from interacting with elements on the page that a mouse user cannot interact with either. An example of this is `<Modal>` where the user cannot click the items behind the modal. If you want to shift focus based on UI events, consider using the [.focus()](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/focus) method instead.
:::

:::warning Accessibility
It is **required** that when using a `<FocusTrap>` there is logic using only key presses to escape the focus trap. Otherwise, keyboard users will be blocked after they enter a `<FocusTrap>`.
:::

## Basic example

:::note
All the examples have controls to enable / disable the focus trap so that page keyboard navigation isn't blocked.
:::

When enabled, only the children of the `<FocusTrap>` will be able to receive focus. Otherwise, standard DOM focus order follows.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [focusTrapEnabled, setFocusTrapEnabled] = useState(false);

  return (
    <VStack gap={2}>
      <Checkbox
        checked={focusTrapEnabled}
        onChange={() => setFocusTrapEnabled((prev) => !prev)}
        label="Focus trap enabled"
      />
      {focusTrapEnabled && (
        <FocusTrap>
          <VStack gap={2} background="bgAlternate" padding={2}>
            <Text>Inside FocusTrap</Text>
            <HStack gap={1}>
              <Button>1</Button>
              <Button>2</Button>
              <Button>3</Button>
            </HStack>
            <Checkbox
              checked={focusTrapEnabled}
              onChange={() => setFocusTrapEnabled((prev) => !prev)}
              label="Focus trap enabled"
            />
          </VStack>
        </FocusTrap>
      )}
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

## Include trigger in FocusTrap

The `includeTriggerInFocusTrap` prop includes the triggering element causing the `<FocusTrap>` to render as part of the focus order.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [focusTrapEnabled, setFocusTrapEnabled] = useState(false);

  return (
    <VStack gap={2}>
      <Checkbox
        checked={focusTrapEnabled}
        onChange={() => setFocusTrapEnabled((prev) => !prev)}
        label="Focus trap enabled"
      />
      {focusTrapEnabled && (
        <FocusTrap includeTriggerInFocusTrap>
          <VStack gap={2} background="bgAlternate" padding={2}>
            <Text>Inside FocusTrap</Text>
            <HStack gap={1}>
              <Button>1</Button>
              <Button>2</Button>
              <Button>3</Button>
            </HStack>
            <Checkbox
              checked={focusTrapEnabled}
              onChange={() => setFocusTrapEnabled((prev) => !prev)}
              label="Focus trap enabled"
            />
          </VStack>
        </FocusTrap>
      )}
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

## Restore focus on unmount

The `restoreFocusOnUnmount` prop returns focus to the triggering element when the `<FocusTrap>` is unmounted.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [focusTrapEnabled, setFocusTrapEnabled] = useState(false);

  return (
    <VStack gap={2}>
      <Checkbox
        checked={focusTrapEnabled}
        onChange={() => setFocusTrapEnabled((prev) => !prev)}
        label="Focus trap enabled"
      />
      {focusTrapEnabled && (
        <FocusTrap restoreFocusOnUnmount>
          <VStack gap={2} background="bgAlternate" padding={2}>
            <Text>Inside FocusTrap</Text>
            <HStack gap={1}>
              <Button>1</Button>
              <Button>2</Button>
              <Button>3</Button>
            </HStack>
            <Checkbox
              checked={focusTrapEnabled}
              onChange={() => setFocusTrapEnabled((prev) => !prev)}
              label="Focus trap enabled"
            />
          </VStack>
        </FocusTrap>
      )}
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

Commit message:

fix: Update `<FocusTrap>` to handle single focusable child element (#306)
* Update FocusTrap to handle single focusable child element

* Remove deprecated Dropdown tests

* Add more basic tests that test component directly

* Update changelogs

apps/docs/docs/components/overlay/FocusTrap/_webExamples.mdx, after:

:::note Before using FocusTrap
`<FocusTrap>` is intended to prevent keyboard users from interacting with elements on the page that a mouse user cannot interact with either. An example of this is `<Modal>` where the user cannot click the items behind the modal. If you want to shift focus based on UI events, consider using the [.focus()](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/focus) method instead.
:::

:::warning Accessibility
It is **required** that when using a `<FocusTrap>` there is logic using only key presses to escape the focus trap. Otherwise, keyboard users will be blocked after they enter a `<FocusTrap>`.
:::

## Basic example

:::note
All the examples have controls to enable / disable the focus trap so that page keyboard navigation isn't blocked.
:::

When enabled, only the children of the `<FocusTrap>` will be able to receive focus. Otherwise, standard DOM focus order follows.

Please ensure there is at least one child element that can be focused in the `<FocusTrap>`.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [focusTrapEnabled, setFocusTrapEnabled] = useState(false);

  return (
    <VStack gap={2}>
      <Checkbox
        checked={focusTrapEnabled}
        onChange={() => setFocusTrapEnabled((prev) => !prev)}
        label="Focus trap enabled"
      />
      {focusTrapEnabled && (
        <FocusTrap>
          <VStack gap={2} background="bgAlternate" padding={2}>
            <Text>Inside FocusTrap</Text>
            <HStack gap={1}>
              <Button>1</Button>
              <Button>2</Button>
              <Button>3</Button>
            </HStack>
            <Checkbox
              checked={focusTrapEnabled}
              onChange={() => setFocusTrapEnabled((prev) => !prev)}
              label="Focus trap enabled"
            />
          </VStack>
        </FocusTrap>
      )}
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

## Include trigger in FocusTrap

The `includeTriggerInFocusTrap` prop includes the triggering element causing the `<FocusTrap>` to render as part of the focus order.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [focusTrapEnabled, setFocusTrapEnabled] = useState(false);

  return (
    <VStack gap={2}>
      <Checkbox
        checked={focusTrapEnabled}
        onChange={() => setFocusTrapEnabled((prev) => !prev)}
        label="Focus trap enabled"
      />
      {focusTrapEnabled && (
        <FocusTrap includeTriggerInFocusTrap>
          <VStack gap={2} background="bgAlternate" padding={2}>
            <Text>Inside FocusTrap</Text>
            <HStack gap={1}>
              <Button>1</Button>
              <Button>2</Button>
              <Button>3</Button>
            </HStack>
            <Checkbox
              checked={focusTrapEnabled}
              onChange={() => setFocusTrapEnabled((prev) => !prev)}
              label="Focus trap enabled"
            />
          </VStack>
        </FocusTrap>
      )}
    </VStack>
  );
}
```

## Restore focus on unmount

The `restoreFocusOnUnmount` prop returns focus to the triggering element when the `<FocusTrap>` is unmounted.

```jsx live
function Example() {
  const [focusTrapEnabled, setFocusTrapEnabled] = useState(false);

  return (
    <VStack gap={2}>
      <Checkbox
        checked={focusTrapEnabled}
        onChange={() => setFocusTrapEnabled((prev) => !prev)}
        label="Focus trap enabled"
      />
      {focusTrapEnabled && (
        <FocusTrap restoreFocusOnUnmount>
          <VStack gap={2} background="bgAlternate" padding={2}>
            <Text>Inside FocusTrap</Text>
            <HStack gap={1}>
              <Button>1</Button>
              <Button>2</Button>
              <Button>3</Button>
            </HStack>
            <Checkbox
              checked={focusTrapEnabled}
              onChange={() => setFocusTrapEnabled((prev) => !prev)}
              label="Focus trap enabled"
            />
          </VStack>
        </FocusTrap>
      )}
    </VStack>
  );
}
```
